**Date**: 10/15
**Participants**: Bo Zhao, Giovanni Svevo

The project will have two main **data sources**:

- Social Media (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.)

- Remote sensing (Satellite imagery to detect and map refugee camps)

The project will also include **interviews** with refugees either available or custom made from us. In all cases we will need to make sure that:

- We have the rights to show images/videos of refugees

- That we comply to IRB standards

For this last point, we need to discuss with Ginny and Brian the **IRB policies** followed by Brian in the project with his advisor on Houston, being that they used similar data (Twitter). We need to be sure that we comply with IRB policies for this kind of data.

The project will be managed through **GitHub**. The notes from the meetings will be preserved in GitHub as a base, along with the technical aspects, for future scholarly papers.

The project **framework** will include:

- Server side structure (React)

- MapBox map component
- OmniSci (formerly MapD) as a solution to manage big data from social media

We (Giovanni/Ginny) should contact MapBox and OmniSci to explore the possibility to obtain their services for free as a form of sponsorship being that we are a no-profit, research group and that the final project will have a broad visibility.
We should also apply for a Google cloud platform research grant to request fundings to support our project.

In the proposal we emphasize the innovation aspect. Therefore we should try to generate (through Photoscan) and integrate in the platform **point clouds** generated by crowd source images and panoramas/street views of the refugee camps from Google. Also, consider **Webslides** and **Storymap.js** integration.

We also need to clarify the **scale** to which our project will develop. Do we consider refugees as a whole or only refugee camps? Depending on the scenario, we will have different visualizations. For refugees only we can map where they come from and where they end up relocating. Mapping refugee camps will allow us to work on **four scalar levels: Global, Regional, Camp, Individual**. We should also consider to analyze other aspects, such as the attitude of host cities or countries towards the camp.

An immediate task (Giovanni) is to make a tentative list of thematic or regional visualizations to include in the Atlas

Useful links:
https://storymaps.esri.com/stories/2016/refugee-camps/#

http://www.therefugeeproject.org/#/1978

https://data2.unhcr.org/en/search?type%5B%5D=document&doc_type%5B%5D=7&maps=1

http://popstats.unhcr.org/en/overview#_ga=2.42004198.2127185636.1539623402-829060894.1539623402
