# 20181119

Bo, Gio, Ginny



Ginny get in a research methods class



BO:

Need to keep the Glob\al perspective global

Structure atlas based on these themes: Food , education, routes,

​	Case studies

Mercader map , proportionate symbols, how people travel

Make one map, just try to make 



Choose one case, map it 



reach out to people who have data - geographies of human rights



Crawl Social Media data

​	Dollar street 

# Next week: 

Start mapping !!!

Work on something we are possibly are confused on 

Talk with other profs about getting the data about refugees 

Meet with the two PIs 

Fine tune the list of what we map 





Req CWS

tested, tried  to fix the problem we teid our best the last 3 eeks to make sure it could beb vixualize dvua IA , unfortently it doenst; work, not a bug 



Dear CWS, 

​	Thank you for your patience while our team diligently attempted to resolve the Internet Explorer conundrum these past few weeks. We have found the source of this issue to isolated to the fundamental system of IE, which, as you may be aware, struggles to support many newer, more advanced software packages. At this time, Windows still utilizes IE as only active as a legacy support for other internet platforms and promotes Edge and the official browser, resulting in only 3% or less of internet users worldwide being impacted by the short comings of the IE platform. 

​	We suggest the integrating an alert to users that open the PWB story map in IE to switch to another, more supported browser with an accompanied link. 

An example of how this might look is attached. 

Please do not hesitate to let us know if we can help further. 

Best, 
OSU Geovizual Team





The IE components of the  package we used theat developed the story map are nt

The support a who vary of software plat forms edge, but IE is not suport as you may be already aware. Be casue we tried to be advenaced, this did not supprot. 



we suggest if you want to integraete, show them in thre link that IE is not uspprtoe, switch to another browser. 



IE is only alive due to a legacy issue, but the browser is now edge. 