# 20181119

Jen and Bo

Jen and I shared our thoughts on this project during the meeting. Both of us believed that we need to visualize something before providing substantial suggestions.  In the meantime, Giovanni, Ginny and I have met regularly to discuss and evaluate the progress of this atlas. One of their mission is to start to make maps to test some of the ideas we mentioned in the proposal. Below are some specific things we have talked about.

[1] we found the dollar street interface is a great image data source for background information of the host city or country. 

[2] Jen mentioned her interests in the collective perception on the refugee community from the host cities or countries, I recommended that social media is a great tool to explore the public perception about Refugee, and some specific topics like food security can be learned by filtering social media data. 

[3] Ginny and Giovanni will make appointments with each of us in order to collect our insights about this project, what kinds of data source we can provide or find, and the requirements for the IRB proposal.

[4] In terms of the topic matrix made up by two dimensions - scales and themes, it is not necessary to visualize multiple aspects of the refugee, it is much feasible to only tell the story of a specific aspect of each refugee-related area. For example, only storytelling the political influence on Rohingya people, and not necessary to describe the full spectrum of the Rohingya refugee issues.

[5] We need to meet sometime early next term, to make this meeting more productive, Giovanni and Ginny will start map to test the water. 

If you want to browse the meeting minutes of a specific date, please visit GitHub at 

https://github.com/jakobzhao/refugee/tree/master/assets/minutes
